#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
astroid==2.5.6            # via pylint
certifi==2020.12.5        # via requests
chardet==3.0.4            # via requests
click==7.1.2              # via flask
flask==1.1.2              # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==20.0.4          # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10                # via requests
isort==5.8.0              # via pylint
itsdangerous==1.1.0       # via flask
jinja2==2.11.3            # via flask
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0  # via astroid
markupsafe==1.1.1         # via jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1             # via pylint
pylint==2.7.4             # via -r requirements.in
redis==3.5.3              # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.24.0          # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2              # via pylint
urllib3==1.25.11          # via requests
werkzeug==1.0.1           # via flask
wrapt==1.12.1             # via astroid

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
